[Music]
Nick, welcome. So glad that we are able
to do this together. I haven't seen you
on a podcast lately, so hopefully it's
going to be good news for people
watching this want to know more about
what you're up to and everything. But
how are you doing?
>> I'm doing good. You know, it's funny
that you mention about the podcast
because I feel like working for
yourself, no, no one asked me to be on a
podcast anymore.
It's so fascinating to me. Wrote a
LinkedIn post about this a couple weeks
ago. Maybe it was a month or so ago, but
I've noticed when you work for yourself,
you don't get invited to any of the
events anymore. Like, you're treated as
someone that has no budget, no
authority, no spend control, anything
like that. But it's the furthest thing
from the truth. I have so many clients
where I run their budget for them. So,
>> people just have the wrong mindset. But
I've been good. I've been I've been
really good. It's it's, you know, can't
complain. Things have been great. Things
have been busy. Summer is over. Yeah.
>> Awesome. Well, I'm looking forward to
explore a few areas. Of course, I need
to look when I got to know you and I
think I have some clues at some point. I
think you wrote the small ebook on ABM
and you put it on Gumroad.
>> I downloaded it. You remember? And I did
invite you to my
>> you did a session on ABM. and I think
you were all in on ABM, but time has fly
since then. I've always been a fan of
you. You're big inspiration for me. The
way you are authentically portraying
your what you do, how you engage with
others, of course, with the beauty of
this ecosystem of LinkedIn. We get to
see other comments and sometimes I like
even more your comments than your post.
But I yeah I'm looking forward to to
explore a little bit more the human side
of go to market. I think this is where
you have carved like a a personal brand
for yourself beyond the brand and
expertise
>> diving into your journey from I think
you started in film marketing right
>> then you of course went all in on
creator advisor evangelist and so on.
But before we get started, I want to
know Nick today if you m meet someone in
an elevator for example, how do you
introduce yourself? What do you do?
>> It's a good question. I usually tell
people, listen, you know, I've been an
operator in the B2B marketing world for
about 15 years and then, you know, have
started my own thing these last couple
of years, but don't lose sight that I am
still an operator at heart. Like I still
love getting into the weeds of things
and tackling problems and tackling go to
market problems. And I think there is
plenty of them out there. So I try to
just tell people listen, hey, I'm just
one of you, but don't treat me any
differently. Like I'm just I'm here to
share my opinion, share my thoughts, and
see how we can help each other. Like
ultimately, there's enough space in the
world for all of us to win and share
best practices, share what we learn. And
you I'm not a negative person. I'm a
very go with the flow type of person.
I'm very lowkey. There's not much that I
dislike, but let's just be good humans.
>> Mhm. I love that. I love that. Your
early years in film marketing, how do
you think that has shaped a little bit
the way you think about brand and demand
today? You know, if I want to bring it
back to some lingos that we all
>> Yeah. I mean I think you know and again
I've done field marketing for about 12
years now inhouse and so field marketing
really taught me everything starts with
people the relationships and again
relationships on top of that but the
relationships that I built with sales
with meeting customers that mattered
more than any of the polished campaigns
that I put out there and throughout all
of those early years and again I got
lucky I don't know I came across failed
marketing I didn't really know what it
was I was doing channel marketing for a
company that was in the I don't know
they were in like the fiber optic world.
It was it's kind of interesting but I
was doing channel marketing and then it
allowed me to get into tech and do field
marketing because it was pretty similar.
But those early years showed me brand is
built through trust the small moments
where people feel understood. And so
even today and again I'm still doing a
little bit of field marketing today.
There's a lot of other things that I'm
doing but even today when I think about
demand I think about the conversations
not the conversions. And I think that's
what everything should come back to. It
starts with the conversations. It starts
with the people. How do you make
everything that you do more human in
today's world, especially when it's
driven by AI and everything out there is
they're slapping an AI tag on
everything.
>> Yeah, that's a good way. But if I want
to be the devil's advocate, how do you
scale this approach? you know, when it's
very embedded into a culture. If a
company is very transactional in the
way, because I've known a few of them,
very transactional in the way they do
business, how do you then try to
influence the direction that they're
taking with that or is it like okay, I
can't go there with them and I need to
focus elsewhere.
>> Yeah, I mean I mean you can try I think
there's small things that you can do to
make things more people first, more
human and I think of things you simple
stuff on like the marketing side. It's
like how do you make your pricing more
transparent? I look at a lot of
technology and the first thing that I do
is I go on a company's website and I
check out their pricing page and if I
don't see any pricing and it's, hey,
talk to sales, I have no interest. I
will go find something else because I
don't have time to sit on three
different calls before I even get
pricing. Think about that. Let's be
honest. You know, if you've boughten a
lot of technology in the past and when
you want to buy some type of technology,
you hop on a call with an SDR or BDR.
You know, shout out to them. They have a
tough job for sure, but you're not
getting pricing from them. There it's a
qualification call, discovery call.
Great. All right. Now, I'm hopping on
with an AE. Probably getting a demo.
Still probably not getting pricing at
that point. And it's like your third
call before you get pricing. Sometimes
maybe even longer than that. And it's I
just want to see the pricing. See, even
Walmart pricing,
>> it's custom pricing.
>> Exactly. And so something as simple as
that, like just be transparent with your
pricing. Another thing is like your
marketing emails. Like I talked to a lot
of companies and like I get a lot of
marketing emails and it's like from
marketing@xyzcomp.com.
And as you could tell, it's just another
boring copy paste email. Like why can't
those emails come from a real person?
Even if those real people aren't the
ones that replying, I don't care. Like
put a face to it. put an actual name to
it because I can tell you when you do
that and I've tested this many times now
when I send emails of companies that you
know people where they follow me or
whatever they see my name they see my
you know the subject line or whatever
they're opening that email because it's
coming from me they more or less they
don't care what the actual subject is
say hey I I know Nick I see him like I'm
going to open the email and I have
people tell me that all the time I
opened this email because I saw it was
coming from you and I knew that you
worked at this company that
>> it's yeah it's small changes. I'm not
saying that you have to you know rip up
your entire organization. Start small
and continue to build over time but
there's probably about you know 30 to 40
things that you can do from a marketing
organization that makes you more human
makes you more people first but you just
have to chop away to to get there.
>> Yeah. And it's uncomfortable for many of
them right to go in that direction. It's
easier to just design another email and
blast it and or start a campaign and
blast it. Do you think a company needs
to have like a a person in front of the
company that is vocal, a subject matter
expert in order for this strategy of
people first to work or?
>> No, I don't think I don't think you need
a specific person, but I think it helps
for sure because I'll use Alice as an
example. you know, I was there for two
years and I drove $2 million in pipeline
through my content. 60% of that closed.
So 1.2 million just from LinkedIn
content of people saying, "Hey, that's
how I saw you or that's how I came
inbound." Things like that. And again,
being able to build those conversion
points of, "Hey, listen, they're opening
the email because it's coming from me.
They're ch opening their, you know,
LinkedIn like conversational ad because
it was coming from me. My face was on
it. They're attending this webinar or
event because they see that I'm speaking
at it." Now that helps and I think it's
important but I think still just having
an individual regardless of who they are
it just makes it more more human and
think about you know the number of
companies that put out ebooks for
example like why can't the person or
people that have contributed to that
ebook be listed on the author page like
versus the company like yeah the
company's there but there should be a by
line or something of the individuals who
contributed to that put who they are
what their title is a picture of them I
would appreciate that so much more
versus saying, "Hey, here's just another
ebook from this company." Who are the
people that contributed to that? I would
love to know because I value their
thoughts maybe and I want to reach out
and say, "Hey, listen, you know, so and
this was a really fantastic thought. I
appreciate you sharing this and this. I
learned a ton from it." So, I don't
think you need people that are,
you know, an evangelist or someone
that's going out there, you know, being
a part of your brand. I think it helps,
but I think there's a ton of individuals
internally that can be seen as creators
that just have to be empowered. And I
think the empowerment or lack of
empowerment is what's causing a lot of
them to not show up. I love that. I love
that. And I remember having debates in
the past where even just on a simple
thing like a blog post, do you put the
author in case the person's leaving the
company? Oh my god. You know, come on
people, it's not the end of the world.
Let's give credit to whoever it is and
then like you're saying it may be a good
way for someone to reach out to this
individual and have a conversation about
the content they just posted if they are
behind the content you know if they
believe in the content that they just
posted. Right.
>> Yeah. Exactly. And then think of it.
It's these are all touch points along
the journey like the buyer's journey.
It's just like why would you gate that
information of who these people are?
It's it's so simple, but it's such a
it's a thing.
>> You know, a lot of bigger companies have
a challenge doing all of this because
like you said, there's a lot of red tape
around it. It's just it's challenging to
change a lot of the political aspects
within these companies, but it goes a
long way. But you have to have someone
that's going to champion that change
internally. I think
>> I believe so too. Community plays a big
part to your philosophy, right? How do
you then guide a company that wants to
get started from scratch with a
community? They don't have a community.
Let's say they want to start building
one. Is there specific steps that you
would recommend these individual this
team to to be taking?
>> Well, I think you have to define what
community is and there's a lot of
different examples of what community is.
Like community could be, you know,
LinkedIn for example, it could be a
Slack community, Discord community, like
it could be in-person meetups. think and
this happens more on the IT side, but
think of all those like user groups that
like to get together. That's still a
community of people that get together to
talk about different things. Now,
community only works if it's built for
people, not for your pipeline. And I
think that's where a lot of companies
get hung up. They think of like
communities, all right, great. I'm going
to create a customer community to help
with retention. It's the wrong mindset.
You should be building a customer
community because you want to help
people. Now, that help is going to
ultimately turn into retention for your
customers and possibly upsell
opportunities as well. But you have to
give and give before you ask. And I
think it has to feel like a space where
people are valued, not extracted. And I
think so many companies that build these
communities, whatever it is, a Facebook
group even, these communities are not
for value. and people aren't valuing
like they're extracting the people that
are in there and they're just putting it
as a line item for these exec meetings
that are happening. It's the wrong
mindset. So, you have to start by asking
what problem do these people share and
how can we make them feel seen? That's
the foundation of belonging and I think
so many people miss that because again
they create these communities because
they think of the pipeline. How is it
going to impact the business objectives?
And I'm not saying that you should
ignore those alto together. I think it's
one of the KPIs and metrics that you
should look at, but you have to solve it
for the people. And and in my mind, and
I've built lots of communities both
inhouse and and just in the past in
general, a true community lasts when
people show up for each other, not just
for the brand. And I think that's an
important piece for a lot of people that
are possibly considering building a
community to think about, too. Do you
find in your past experience that
there's a specific setup of a community?
You mentioned a few channels like Slack,
LinkedIn. Is there specific ones that
tend to do better than others? I feel
like Slack does pretty well because I
mean if you think about in the B2B tech
world, most companies are using Slack
unless you're using Teams, which if you
are, I feel bad for you. I'm sorry. I've
used Teams and I just get absolutely
frustrated every time I have to be
forced to use it. Now again, it's
another Slack icon that you have to go
in and check. And like I could tell you,
I've actually removed most of them, but
at one point, you know, and this was
probably peak COVID, like when I looked
at my Slack, there was 20 different
icons of different, you know, companies,
communities, groups that I was a part
of. And it was just so many badge icons
of, hey, misnification, miss
notification. And I was just like that
in itself creates an overwhelm for
people and it's just like all right you
know listen Slack probably makes sense
because
>> that's where a lot of conversation
happens and I think you'll still have a
lot of people that are in there but I do
think there should be some type of
resource hub or content hub or something
and you know I've in the past I've used
Mighty Network I know circle's out there
I know there's other platforms that are
out there as well where it's like you
can house a lot of the foundational
knowledge of templates processes,
frameworks, things like that. But then
it becomes something where it's like,
all right, so listen, I have to go to
Slack to listen to conversations, jump
into things. I have to go join webinars
on another platform. I have to go check
this other platform to get everything
else. And it's just it's tough because
if you built everything in, say, Circle
or one of these other platforms, you
could have some conversations there, but
then people still aren't going to check
it because they're like, "Oh, it's not
part of my everyday workflow." So I
don't think there's any one good example
that works well. Well, I mean, I've seen
lots of communities out there that have
struggled on Slack or struggled on these
other platforms and it's just I can't
adoption isn't there. And even when I
ran my own community with Mark Tac, we
had so many people and I would give an
exit interview anytime every anyone
churned. And the biggest thing that I
got from people was like, hey, I just
don't have the time or hey, I'm in too
many of these. The price wasn't an
issue. It was a time commitment. And I
think that's what you're going to run
into no matter what.
>> I agree. time commitment shifting to
time commitment LinkedIn
are what would you instruct because
you're really good at LinkedIn and I
need to acknowledge you for being
consistent you're amazing and you change
your style lately I must say I may have
noticed something that but your shorter
sentences very long so what would you
recommend someone that is wanting to get
traction on LinkedIn to stick to in
terms of process not you know we hear
the same advice all the time you have to
be consistent yeah but I need to find my
voice I need to find my unique point of
view how do you carve that for yourself
and how do you always make sure that you
have sufficient IDs how do you log your
IDs
>> yeah I mean it's tough because I think
AI has made it super easy for everyone
to be a creator out there now you
mentioned a good thing it's like how do
you find your voice you have to If
everyone talked about dementia and which
I think a lot of people do it it's tough
because everyone has kind of a very
similar mindset like you have to have
kind of I don't know if it's a
contrarian thought or like you have to
stand for something whatever that is you
know people first is a good example of
this like is people first is a good
mindset and how do you make things more
human but what does that actually look
like and how do you put that into a
playbook or an approach and tie it to
actual things now one thing I've noticed
is these last two years I became you
know very self-promotional because again
When you're running your own business,
it's like, "All right, great. I got to
run, you know, I got to do the media
network. Got to get subscribers get
there. Got to get, you know, subscribers
to the newsletter, the services side of
the business, the community." And I
feel, you know, I was trying to do that
and drive members and growth and
everything, but I feel like I lost a lot
of what I originally wanted to do on
LinkedIn, which was just help people.
How can I share things that I've worked
on that have been helpful? And so I've
realized these last couple of, you know,
weeks and months that I've gotten back
to that and I've just shared about
things that like, hey, I'm seeing this
or things that are, you know, impacting
myself. And I don't have specific like I
don't keep my ideas anywhere like the
ideas of, hey, this is what I want to
talk about. Honestly, a lot of my ideas
come from just reading other people's
content where I've actually started to
double down on the comments because
LinkedIn is pushing comments more than
ever right now. So like I'm noticing
like hey if I can add value through some
type of my own personal experience
storytelling hey here's what I would do
those are getting sometimes you know
10,000 20,000 30,000 views on a comment
that's driving so much more traffic like
I am seeing I you know last week I
actually just posted about this the
other day but last week I had about
130,000 profile views where my profile
was surfaced 67% of that came from
LinkedIn comments Now, if you take
130,000 and what's 67% of that? It's
85,000 people saw my profile through
comments alone, which is it's
mind-blowing, right? So, it's for me,
I'm trying to double down and comment on
anywhere between 25 and 50 people a day.
I don't have a playbook or a process of,
hey, these are the same 25 or 50 people
that I do. It's really, you know, I'm
just scrolling and hey, I found that
interesting. You know, it's stuff where
it's like I I know I can add value to
that conversation, so I'm going to jump
into it. And I do three different types
of comments. I kind of have a short,
snippy, hey, one line, like, you know,
witty, funny, you know, it doesn't add a
ton of value, but it makes me laugh. So,
like, I have that. And then I have a
very longer style. This like a more of a
playbook approach where it's, hey,
listen, I've seen this work this way.
Here's what I would add to it. Those do
incredibly well. Take a little bit more
time. Develop your thoughts around. And
then I have kind of like a middle of the
road like not short, not super long, but
adds a little bit of value as well. And
those do pretty well, too. So, I try to
do the second and third one, but again,
it's based on time. Like, you have to
time block your stuff to to be able to
get it in there because otherwise you're
going to be doom scrolling all day. But
I would say start with commenting. Have
a strong point of view on something cuz
my posts are getting no traction at all.
So, I'm just using as the post as just a
way to continue to pump out content, but
I'm doing like two to three posts a day
now. And I don't care how many people
actually see it. Like, I'm using that as
a way to what do I care about? And then
I'm using the comments as a way to drive
profile views.
>> Love that. And it organizes our thought
as well, right?
>> Yeah.
>> It's like people I'm talking to people
and they're like, I don't have time for
this. But at the same time, it's a
complement to what your daily life is.
And sometimes just a way of solidifying
some frameworks or whatever that you're
working on actually during your day with
a client or an experience you have with
a client at the moment. Right.
>> Exactly. And so many people like you
said so many people say they don't have
the time. Like you don't have to devote
hours to this. Like I'm talking like you
could probably do this in an hour a day.
It's just again you have to time block
it. You have to fit it into your day and
then it becomes habit. I've been doing
this now for 5 and 1/2 years. So it's
just become habit. Some someone's like,
"How did you, you know, you've posted,
you know, thousands and thousands of
posts and now all these comments over
the years." It's like, "How do you have
time?" I'm just like, I just integrated
into my day. I don't know. It's just
part of, you know, just like you go and
you get a coffee or you go and you do
whatever you need to do. Like you go to
the gym, like it's just part of your day
now.
>> Yeah. Are you intentional on the
individuals that you are commenting on
or following? Do you use a platform like
Taplio or something?
>> No, I don't use any platforms. I
actually I'm not purposeful of who I
comment on either. It's literally I'll
just be scrolling and I'll say, "All
right, great. For this hour, I'm just
going to kind of scroll through and find
like 25 people that I know I can comment
on." And like sometimes because you
start to comment on a lot of the same
people, they start to show up every
single day when you do this. And again,
it's heavy marketers, but you know,
there's some people, you know, Justin
Welsh, for example, he just pops up. I
mean, he's built a big audience and
that's cool, but like I I comment on his
and I've realized if you can comment on
like some of those bigger names and you
can get there kind of early. Um, it
leads to a ton of profile views. Now,
granted, those probably aren't the right
people, especially if you're in like the
marketing world. Like, I should probably
have a better process around this, but
right now I don't. So,
>> seems to work and it seems to work,
right?
>> Yeah. Just shifting gears a little bit
like you I think on the personal level
you tear your ACL last year, right?
>> Yep. Yeah, it's coming up on a year.
Yeah.
>> Wow. I hope you're doing better, right?
>> I'm doing a lot better. Yeah. I would
say 99% of the time I feel pretty good.
I was actually, weirdly enough, I went
to go get a coffee this morning and fun
fact, there was this there's a you know,
Dunkin Donuts is big in my area and you
know, it's not the best coffee, but it's
it does the job. And so this location
like 2 minutes from my house, they just
redid it a couple of weeks ago. And so
they were having a grand reopening and
my wife, she leaves early, she's a
teacher. She called me. She says, "Hey,
I was just listening to the radio." And
it says, "If you're one of the first 100
people that get there, you get free
coffee through the end of the year." I
was just like, "All right, cool." And
this was, you know, 7:30 in the morning.
And I couldn't get there till 9:00. I
was like, "It's probably going to be
gone." And so I went at 9:00 and I got
coffee, went in, ordered something and I
was like, "All right, they didn't say
anything so I must not have won." And I
come outside and there's a tent and
they're like, "Hey, you want to spin the
wheel?" I was like, "Oh, I love wheels.
Absolutely." Spun the wheel. Want a free
hat? And then they're like, "Do you use
the Duncan app?" And I was like, "I do."
And they were like, "Here you go." And I
was, it was a number. It was like number
23. And I was like, "All right, what
does this mean?" They're like, "Oh, go
to her and you'll get free coffee
through the rest of the year, one a
day." I was like, "Oh, this is
fantastic. I thought I was going to be
too late." And
>> that's amazing.
>> Yeah. Now I get free coffee, but the
Sorry. Yeah, it was a long tangent of
why I was talking about that. So I went
to go get a coffee this morning and it
rained here overnight and so they just
redid this and so the floors are super
slippery, which goes back to my ACL and
I open the door and I walk in pretty
quick and I slipped and I was like, "Oh
man, like you when you have a knee
injury and like an ACL injury or any
type of like injury and like you you
start to realize, uhoh, am I going
down?" Fortunately, I was able to grab
like the one the other side of the door.
But I told them I was like, "Listen,
like I've seen three people like slip
like walking into this location and I
was just like I've had, you know, an ACL
surgery before. I would hate for someone
else to get injured and you all to kind
of, you know, be responsible for that."
And so they ended up putting a mat down
on it. But is it happens?
>> It's crazy. It's forced me. So the
injury has forced me to slow down and
appreciate the small winds like walking
again. I mean, I was outside with my
kids like a week or so ago and they're
now like at the point where they run
into the street, which luckily we live
on a very quiet street. So, like they
there's not there's one or two cars that
come down over the course of a couple of
hours. And so, they're out there and I
had to run and I was like, "Oh, hold on.
I haven't done this before." But like my
mind just drops blank and there's a I
have a little wall in my driveway and so
I had to jump up onto it and go and run
out that way. And I didn't even think I
was like, "Oh man, like what if I just
reinjured myself, but it was it's crazy
to think about appreciating that. That
was a small win." I was telling my
physical therapist about that. They're
like, "Oh, that's so cool." But I feel
like that mindset has translated
directly over to work to really force me
to slow down, appreciate the small wins,
and honestly, it's given me empathy for
others. Everyone carries challenges that
you don't see. And it's, you know, you
don't know what people are dealing with
and the world unfortunately is a very
messed up place. But there everyone's
dealing with stuff and some people are
more vocal about it than not. But it's
also reinforced that hustle without
health isn't sustainable and putting
people even yourself like first it makes
everything stronger. So, yeah, it's I
have my last physical therapy coming up,
which I'm excited about, and then I have
my last surgeon appointment coming up,
which I'm happy about. And then
hopefully I can go on my way to to live
a happy life
>> and play baseball.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Oh, yeah. I've been
throwing. I've been swinging. I feel
they told me I could go back like this
year towards the end of the year, and I
was like, h, you know, I would hate for
something to happen because they say
your risk for retire is like 12 months.
if you can get beyond 12 months, you're
usually pretty good. And they were like,
"Yo, in July," they were like, "You
could have went back." And I was like,
"Yeah, that's only, you know, 9 months
out. I don't know if that's a good
idea." So, I was like, "You know what?
I'm just going to wait. I I'll go. I'll
support the team. I'll be there. I'll
I'll practice, but then I'll come back
next year." So,
>> you'd be a very good water boy anyway.
Like,
>> I I did I I did bring donuts from time
to time.
>> Oh, good. That's extra good. But to your
point, slowing down, taking care of our
health such a core value. I mean, we're
reminded of this daily. I mean, there's
stuff happening in my life as well
around me where I'm reminded of that
very much. We take it for granted until
something happens,
>> right?
>> Yeah. Cuz I I've played baseball my
entire life and like the worst injury
that I ever had was a broken wrist from
sliding into third base. Never had
surgery in my life. And when I slid into
third base, I remember my oldest, who's
seven now, she was literally 4 weeks old
at the time. And I called my wife and I
was just like, she's, "What's wrong?
You, aren't you at baseball?" I was
like, "Yeah." I was like, "I think I
broke my wrist." She's like, "You've got
to be kidding me, right? We just had a
child. How are you going to hold it?"
And I was like, "I don't know." And so
now, you know, injured my ACL with my
oldest at the trampoline park. And
again, she was like, "You know, we have
twins. We have three kids at, you know,
you're not going to be able to do
anything for weeks." She's like, "What
are we going to do?" Unfortunately, my
my mother-in-law and father-in-law live
like one house behind us, like
diagonally. So, she stayed here for
about two weeks. But yeah, I mean, it's
>> you never think it's going to be you.
And then when it is, you're like, "Oh,
wow. I didn't think it was going to be
me."
>> Yeah. Yeah. So, good segue on the rapid
fire questions. Are you ready? I have a
few questions for you. I do that with my
guests and it's a lot of fun.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely.
>> What would be your main passion outside
of work that allows you to, you know,
disconnect.
>> I think my family and baseball. I, you
know, I've played baseball since I was
four years old. I'm 38 now and hopefully
I'll play into my 50s or 60s. You know,
I can't switch to softball. I want to
stay with baseball. But then having, you
know, three small kids as well, three
daughters, like being able to support
and be there for them and be there for
their activities, which again I think
has been incredibly important for me to
make sure that you're present has been
really good.
>> For sure. For sure. I feel the same. So
I guess it's a good side to the next
question. So what's your why? What's the
reason you wake up, you know, and ready
to do this every day?
>> I think it goes back to the family
aspect of it. again, you know, the world
is a messed up place. Stuff happens
every day and it's just, you know, I
think of my parents. You know, your
parents want, you know, want you to have
a better life for you and you're a kid
and growing up. And then it's like when
you're a kid and like you have children
yourself, like you want to have your
children to have a better life than you
did growing up. And like for me, I think
that's my wife. Yeah. You know, I've
been pretty fortunate where, you know, I
didn't grow up with a lot of money and
like my parents were fairly poor, but
they helped me get into a position
where, you know, I've done pretty well
for myself and now like for my three
daughters, I want them to live an even
better life. And again, the world that
we live in makes it somewhat challenging
and it's just I want them to be able to
speak up and live the life that they
want to live and not be forced to live a
certain life.
>> I love that. Very well said. micro
moments every day makes them
we we can be good role models you know
it's that's all it is values uh one
marketing rule that you think you should
should be broken
>> oo that everything has to be measurable
I think some of the most important human
interactions can't be tracked and that's
okay I've always went you know when I
did a lot of like in-house stuff like
80% of the activities that I did were
tracked back to revenue makes sense 20%
% of it was experimental. So that 20% I
didn't know if it was making an impact
or not. And I think that's okay. I
learned this from Kyle Lacy years ago
because he was also a big proponent of
that and I remember talking to him about
it and he always had that mindset and I
was like I'm going to adopt that mindset
because I was doing it but like I never
had an 8020 rule but makes sense. So
I've been doing that for years and I
think it's I think it's important to do
>> as long as you are on the same page with
the rest of the team and your CEO.
>> Exact. Yes. Absolutely.
>> So, best piece of advice you've given,
sorry, or received about community.
>> O,
I would say if it's not about the
people, it's not a community. Goes back
to the whole people first thing, like
we're humans. If you're not doing it for
the people,
>> it's not a community. It's not a group.
It's self-serving to a certain degree.
>> I love it. I love it. That's it. Okay.
one of I wanted to ask you about your
book because you wrote a book on
influencer marketing and uh so I guess
it's an experience in itself writing a
book that we can potentially talk about
but I want to know more about what do
you think has changed maybe from maybe
the first intent you had with writing
the book I'd love to know that but is
there anything that major that changed
since you wrote the book that you would
probably change
I mean,
>> yeah, I think you know, everyone says,
"Oh, I want to write a book." So, I had
no intention of writing a book. Like,
the publisher actually was following my
content on LinkedIn for a while and they
reached out and they were like, "Hey,
you know, you talk a lot about this
topic. Would you ever be open to writing
a book?" And this was now probably about
three years ago, three and a half years
ago. And so, I was like, "Yeah, I have
no interest or time to write a book."
And they were like, "No, listen, it's
going to be good." And they were very
persuasive. They knew what they were
doing. And obviously they pitch people
all the time so it probably makes sense.
And I I was like listen you know I know
a book cuz I talked to Scott Lisa about
this. I remember before and he was like
you know you don't write a book to get
rich. Like we're not writing the Harry
Potter books out there or whatever it
is. We're not going to get rich off of a
book but use the book as a leverage
point and you're using that book to get
other opportunities. whether it's other
speaking opportunities, whether it's
work or whatever it is, you're use it as
a thought leadership piece. And I was
like, "Okay, that makes sense." And I
was like, "All right, you know what?
I'll write the book." They sent over the
contract. My first mistake is I should
have looked at the contract a little bit
deeper. I I didn't. And I just kind of
was like, "Oh, yeah. Signed it. Cool.
Awesome. Let's do it." And funny enough,
I was actually just going through it
about maybe about 6 months or so, eight
months ago, and I was like, "I should
probably like double check this." this
and so I actually fed it into chat GPT
and I was just like tell me all the red
flags with this contract and the first
thing that it came back with was they
own the rights to the book 50 I think
it's 50 years after I die and I was just
like oh wow that's interesting and the
second piece was they can force me to
write a second edition of it which I
didn't know they could come to me and be
like hey listen we need you to write a
second edition because the frameworks or
whatever are outdated I'm technically
forced to do that now I haven't I
actually haven't made anything from the
book because you know I think I was
making like $3 a book but they were
giving some away and so I think I
actually I think I'm negative at this
point to be honest with you. So I I did
it and you know I wrote it about the
creator economy because I think we were
at you know when I think of like the
chasm and it's like we were at like kind
of like the going up point. We weren't
really crossing it yet. we were in the
early adopter phase and I just thought
it would be something where there was so
many resources on hey listen like here's
how to become a creator anyone can
become a creator but not every creator
is an influencer as well and I think
there's a big differentiation between
creator and influencer but on the B2B
side so many companies didn't know how
to leverage it so I wanted to write the
book for them because I've seen it both
sides I've partnered with brands many
times and I've also worked in-house
where I've built programs and partnered
with creators and influencers
But it's, you know, so often like, all
right, go, you know, we're going to go
post on LinkedIn and you're going to get
that lightning strike for a day or two
and then what happens? They don't
integrate it into everything else that
they do. I wrote the book for that. Now,
when the book came out, because it
actually came out on New Year's Eve,
weird timing, and they overpriced it,
and I was just like, I didn't do a great
job of promoting it. I still don't do a
great job of promoting it because it's
one of the things I talk about. like I
don't want to be known for like the
creator side of it only because then I
lose the marketing side and I think that
was one of the things why I had a
creator economy newsletter and it was
cool but like it's not really like it
it's a thing I can help companies with
but it's not the offer that I help
companies with and I think going back to
it now like the book showed me that
influence is about people not platforms
like trust is built one human
interaction at a time and makes sense
but like the biggest lesson for me is
credibility comes comes from showing up
consistently with real value and that's
what people remember. But I have it as a
resource, I will probably never write
another book again unless I'm forced to
do it. But if I had to go back, I would
probably focus it more on like just, you
know, go to market in general, maybe
around people first or human aspect
because then I could use it in a lot of
different areas. I feel like the creator
side, yeah, they can be used as their
own channel. They can be used as a
tactic within other channels as well,
but like still it's early. It's not
mainstream yet in B2B and it's you can't
just again use that as putting your eggs
all in one basket and hope that hey
you're going to use this book as
everything. I use it but I don't use it
a ton to be honest with you.
>> No, it's more inbound than anything
else.
>> To your point, it's kind of a side
hustle at the same time, right? It's it
was almost a side hustle on that topic.
I was talking to my earlier guest Adam
Green on the importance of starting a
side hustle when you have a full-time
job. Yeah.
>> And do you have a point of view on this?
Like where would someone with a
full-time job listening right now,
watching right now, would how can they
get started in developing their own
framework or having something of value
instead of just saying I can offer
marketing consulting or sales
consulting? Is it to carve like a real
niche or to go broad at first? How do
you approach this? Yeah, I think
definitely going more niche is important
and again I think that's why like people
first worked because they were like oh
all right you know it makes sense but
when you start to build the frameworks
around that and like how do you turn all
these other marketing frameworks into a
people first kind of mindset it's
something that people get interested in
and so like people like oh yeah you know
it's people have been doing like people
first for years it's just no one's
actually named it and so I think you
know all these things out there event
growth that was another big thing that
was like you know we were doing like
eventled growth, but like eventled
growth was around forever. It was just
like no one put a name to it or coined
it. And all these frameworks and things
that are out there, they've been like
re, you know, redone and changed and all
of that. It's just Yeah. repackaged.
They're just finally putting a name to
these things. But I think you have to I
think you have to find a spin on
something like something that's already
out there that maybe you're leveraging,
but how can you make it where people
they care more about it because it can
impact their everyday where it's not too
broad where they don't care about. And
then it's like how can you give it away
for free? Cuz that's if no one knows who
you are. No, you know, more than likely
they're not going to pay for something.
So it's hey put it on any of these
platform Gumroad or whatever it is and
let people just download it for free.
Start to see your point of view. then
they see your LinkedIn content, maybe
they subscribe to your newsletter and
like you're doing all these as a side
hustle, which is cool. Ultimately,
that's going to join get people to to
believe in you and trust in you and work
with you in whatever you know method
that is.
>> Yeah, that's a good point. And start
being uncomfortable at the same time,
right? Because I think being complacent
is not a good idea in today's world.
>> Yes, exactly.
>> There is too much going on at the
moment. I mean people who are saying
that AI won't replace us in knowledge
worker especially in marketing
>> I think are somehow wrong to some
degree. I think we have hope.
>> Yeah.
>> But we have to carve
>> that side of our work ourself to make
sure that we are relevant we stay
relevant. Exactly.
>> It's not by becoming a go-to market
engineer necessarily that will solve the
problem. Of course, it does help to know
how to implement and go from concept to
operationalization, but to your point,
it's to go niche. I agree with you so
much.
>> Exactly. And it's just I mean, I don't
think AI will take a lot of the
marketing side, but I think those
marketers that learn how to leverage AI
in their workflow automations are going
to be the people to watch out for. those
people are going to take your jobs
because if I can if you know say you're
a marketing team of you know 5 10
whatever the number is and like I can
automate a lot of the other stuff while
doing my own stuff and bringing that
human piece like those automation
workflows by using like all these
different kind of AI pieces that's going
to be the unlock like it's not hey I
need it to write a blog for me yeah it
can get me a little bit there but like I
don't need it to do that I need it to
automate all the things that like I
don't care to do and that can be done
fairly simple. That's those are going to
be the people to watch out for.
>> Yeah, good point. We'll see how things
are developing over the next 3 years at
the speed things are going. We don't
know how far that's going to go, right?
>> Yep. Exactly.
>> But that's that was a really really good
conversation, Nick. I appreciate your
time. It was good reconnecting, getting
to know a little bit more what you're
doing at the moment. Thank you for your
generosity and all the great pieces of
advice and insights here. I really
appreciate it.
>> Yeah, thank you for having me. I I was
excited to get back and have a
conversation because I feel like I still
have so much to say, but no one wants to
talk to me. So, I appreciate it.
>> Thank you, Nick.