Welcome to the Lead Generation Podcast,
where innovative entrepreneurs share 
their stories and secrets to success.
Itt’s time to take your digital marketing to 
the next level with your host, Bob Sparkins.
Who is Gia Laudi?
Bob Sparkins:
Gia, welcome to this episode of the 
Lead Generation. Thank you so much
for joining me today.
Gia Laudi: Thank you
so much for having me, Bob. I'm excited.
B: So we're going to dig into a lot of really
cool, nerdy stuff around customer-led growth and 
how to grow sustainable companies, especially SaaS
companies. Before we do that though, I know that 
as an advisor to a lot of the clients that you
work with, you impact their lives in some way. Can 
you pinpoint or highlight what is a way that you
transform the lives of the clients you work with?
G: Yes. So there's a number of things that we do,
but I think at the heart of it, it really comes 
down to helping companies, teams, really get
clear on who their best customers are and then 
how to reach and retain more of them. There's a
lot of guesswork that goes into marketing and 
growth. We try to eliminate as much of that
as we possibly can and make really informed 
decisions about what type of marketing we do,
but also what kind of customer experiences we 
create for our customers and everything that
evolves from there as well, customer marketing, 
expansion, retention. It really does come down to
knowing who your best customers are, reaching, 
retaining more of them, high LTV, delivering
lots of value. It's really about all of that.
B: Very cool. And I imagine that the breathing
room that the leaders have after they've 
worked with you and Claire kind of expands
what's possible for them, right?
G: Yeah, it's a lot about
clarity and alignment and getting clear on what's 
important and what the priority should be. There's
no shortage of ideas. When you think about 
marketing and growth, we all have lots of ideas.
Everybody is marketed to. We all like to think of 
ourselves as marketers, marketing experts. There's
a lot of experts in this space. There's a lot of 
ideas and channels change and evolve, and at the
end of the day, while none of these, I would never 
claim that any of those tactics are bad ideas.
Where it gets challenging is that we have 
so many ideas, there's so many directions we
could possibly go into. It's really a big 
challenge for teams to figure out, okay,
what are the most valuable places for me to 
focus on? And the best way to get the answer
to that question is to find out and learn from 
your best customers to figure out what's going
to resonate most with them, what's going to be 
most valuable to them. It eliminates a lot of
the guesswork and gives you and the team a lot 
more clarity on what to focus on and in terms
of marketing channels of course, but also 
in terms of messaging, positioning, product
marketing as well. So clarity, prioritization, 
that's really the name of the game for us.
Customer Journey Lessons from a Trip to Airbnb HQ
B: Very cool. Now back in the day before you
kicked off this journey that you've been 
on for the last few years, you were out of
college. What kind of job did you first have? I 
know you made your way towards SaaS. Talk to us
a little bit about that journey of being an 
employee and then let's talk about your jump
into being now an entrepreneur and an advisor.
G: Yeah. Wow, you want to go way back. So actually
out of college I joined my father's retail 
business and he had a large... Still has to this
day a large retail florist. And I don't know if 
this is still true, but at the time flowers were,
I think it was the fourth most purchased 
thing online behind porn and books and I
can't remember what number three was, but then 
it was flowers. So fiercely competitive space,
a lot of small local players, a lot of big 
players. And that's really where I cut my teeth
in terms of marketing and SEO. And what I didn't 
know at the time was conversion rate optimization
and content marketing and social media marketing 
and all of that, that was my the breeding ground
for everything that I'm doing now. And that was 
very early days. That was in 2000 to 2006 or 2007.
And then I joined Twitter, which is a very 
close to my heart issue right now. And
everything changed and I shifted from being 
very focused on fighting the good fight for
small brick-and-mortar businesses, to having an 
online presence. I even wrote a column for an
industry publication on the topic of online 
marketing back then for local businesses.
But Twitter did shift a lot of things for me 
and actually I shifted over into working for
an agency for a little while, which really 
opened up the gamut in terms of the types of
businesses that I was able to work with. But 
specifically, Twitter exposed me to this tech
community and startup community locally here. And 
once I saw that, I couldn't unsee, it was when
I was exposed to the software service business 
model, which is all based on recurring revenue.
And I was like, "Yes, my people", the people 
who understand post-acquisition marketing,
the people who understand that marketing has a 
role to play in revenue growth and isn't a cost
center and all those things. And I decided from 
that moment on that SaaS was the business model
for me and I was never going to go back. And so 
I was freelancing and consulting at the time for
a number of tech companies and then eventually I 
did go in-house and I was in-house at Unbounce for
five years leading marketing there. Learned 
a ton, definitely got to experiment with a
ton of my own limitations. I grew a ton. And 
that is also where I was exposed to honestly
the realities of how challenging it is to not 
only do good marketing, but run an effective
marketing team and how to make good decisions 
and prioritize and get that level of clarity.
I often described the way that I was working 
there, a chicken with my head cut off. I wanted
to do all the things. I wanted to make everybody 
happy, I wanted to underpromise and overdeliver,
and it was just such a wild environment. And 
actually while I was there, I was lucky enough
to be... So Lenny Rachitsky who is quite big in 
the product management space, I happened to know
him and I had this light bulb moment when I was 
visiting the Airbnb headquarters. He was a product
manager there at the time. And I was visiting him 
and I went down to the product manager workspace
at the Airbnb office and I saw their customer 
journey map taped to the wall. And remember I
had been operating this chicken with my head cut 
off, couldn't prioritize, had a team of people
looking at me saying, "What are we going to do? 
How are we going to hit our targets this month?"
And it shifted the way I really thought about 
marketing as less about lifecycle and MQLs
and SQLs and building awareness of course, but 
more about how do we deliver value and measure
our ability to deliver value at these critical 
milestones in our customer's relationship with
us. So it very much shifted the way that I was 
thinking. We took it very, very seriously and we
operationalized it internally and I was really, 
really helpful for us. So that was all what led
up to what I'm now doing, which is Forget The 
Funnel working with Claire Suellentrop, my
business partner as you mentioned. And she and I, 
we think a lot about B2B SaaS companies and really
helping them figure out how to identify those 
customers and by doing some customer research,
which I recognize is a bit of a dirty word.
But then how to operationalize that research
so that we actually turned it into something 
that's actionable that a team can run with and
be really effective with. So that's our MO is do 
away with useless customer research or customer
research that goes nowhere. And also really help 
teams to figure out what's important and stop
throwing spaghetti at the wall-style marketing.
Reframe Your Thinking About Market Research
B: I think most people who are in marketing 
know that they should do market research,
but it's a little bit intimidating.
G: Yeah.
B: We've recently had Rand Fishkin on the podcast 
who I know is someone you're familiar with,
obviously. We've got Tracey Wallace coming up soon 
from Klaviyo who also is big in market research.
We have ‎Talia Wolf from the past season. So 
this is something that we've been trying to
beat the drum for a while.
G: And the people... Yes.
B: And we hope that you're able to 
convince people of this as well.
G: Yeah.
B: Why do people freeze
up when they hear the term market research, 
even though they know they need to do it?
G: So one thing that I will clarify and say 
out of the gate and context-wise in terms
of how I think about this is that I do tend to 
prioritize customer research over market research,
especially for SaaS businesses who are trying to 
get clarity around who their best customers are.
There's a couple of reasons for that and I do 
not think there's anything wrong with doing
market research or audience research. I'm a 
huge fan of it, but I generally do believe
that it should follow customer research and 
that customer research should inform what
type of audience research and market research 
that we do. And actually SparkToro is one of
the examples of companies that we have worked 
with where we were able to do customer research
and continue that into market research and 
audience research and use, it was very meta,
but use SparkToro for itself, right?
I got very “Inception'' in there,
but the reason that we tend to prioritize customer 
research is because those are the people who had
a problem. They were out in the world that had 
the experience and the problem that you solve,
they made a decision to choose you. 
And so what were those reasons,
right? And they get value from your product 
as it is today. And also they obviously have a
willingness to pay because they're paying you.
So it's this validated higher quality type
of person to learn from because they are your 
best customers. Now it's important to segment.
So anybody who raises concerns or might be a 
little bit nervous to conduct customer research,
generally, that's what I referenced first is 
these are your customers that are very happy.
They're getting a ton of value from your 
product today. They'd be really upset if
you went away. They want you to be successful.
And so in general, we find that customers are
very happy to provide us with feedback and 
participate in the evolution and the growth
of our businesses because effectively they 
stand to benefit and they get a ton of value.
So as long as you're talking to customers who 
are happy, I mean, look, there's conversations
to have around win/loss analysis and surveying 
your customers who have canceled and things like
that. But that's not what I'm talking about here. 
What I'm talking about really is: identify who
your best customers are and talk to them and ask 
them questions about what's important to them. And
there's specific types of questions that we can 
get into if you want to get into that. But really
at the end of the day, if you're talking to your 
happy customers, what we find is they're very,
very willing to jump in and provide feedback and 
participate in the evolution of your business.
B: Yeah, I think that's really brilliant. We have 
a think tank customer advisory board that we meet
with quarterly. I can echo that sentiment.
G: Yeah.
How to Learn from Your Future 
Audience Before They Buy
B: And I want to dig into some of those questions 
that you may want to ask your customers. I want
to take a quick detour, though, first because 
there are some people listening who don't have
customers yet. They are getting ready to launch 
or they have been around for a little bit,
but they just don't have more than a handful of 
people as they've worked with. How can they take
a playbook from you so that as they get customers 
in the door, they're able to fuel that research
a little bit faster than those that do not do?
G: Yeah. So in that case, what I would say... I
mean, you're learning from your future customers 
and yes, going out and identifying where your
customers are out in the world and trying to 
provide some value and in return collect some
feedback, it's absolutely a viable thing to do.
The one thing that I would prompt everybody
to think about before they do that though is 
ultimately what is the problem that your business
is trying to solve, and get very, very clear on 
that space. You can't go into a research project,
especially this type of research project 
with the solution in mind. It can't be like,
"Do they care about this thing? Is this thing 
going to be valuable to them?" It really has
to be about them and conducting research that's 
very much focused on what's valuable to them,
what do they care about, what keeps them up at 
night, not specifics about your specific offering.
So that's a helpful lens to go in 
into it with. And then, yeah, find out
where they're hanging out. There's lots 
of tools, the best of which definitely I
would say is SparkToro for finding out what 
those watering holes are. And then there's a
lot you can do on the social listening side of 
things. But if you are participating in those
watering holes and providing value and learning 
as you're listening, it shouldn't be too big of
a leap to eventually ask for some folks to jump on 
a short call with you. You just got to be really
respectful of their time, make sure that you're 
well prepared, have a structured approach that
you're taking with your research so that you're 
not wasting anybody's time. And what we have found
when people raise, and this sometimes comes up on 
the customer side too, let alone on the audience
side, is my response rate is not high enough.
When to Pay (and Not Pay) for Feedback
Should I be offering incentives? That comes up a 
lot. And in general on the customer research side,
and this is not always the case, but typically we 
find that incentives aren't necessary for all the
reasons that I already mentioned. But on the 
audience side of things, if you are going to
be asking people to get on a call with you, even 
a short call, it could be really interesting to
offer an incentive, but not maybe an incentive 
like a $50 Amazon gift card or something like
that because you could be incentivizing behavior 
that isn't going to be advantageous to you in the
long run. So we do find that offering to 
compensate people for their time can work
quite well and letting them name their price and 
that gives you a choice on what you want to do.
Or what we've also found an idea that we love 
and that we have used a few times ourselves is
offering to make a donation in that person's 
name. Now obviously you need a budget to do
this type of thing, but those are two ways that 
you could possibly incentivize people to spend a
little bit of time with you. What we have found 
on the offering to compensate people for their
time is that people will feel very respected 
and they'll be more likely to say yes, but in
most cases they won't even take you up on that 
offer. But it can go a very long way in terms of
being respectful of their time.
Key Customer Research Questions
to Getting Useful Answers
B: Yeah, I love that idea. Love
to get into some questions now that you have 
your customer research folks do. And obviously
when you're working with companies, what might 
be an off-the-wall question, if there is one
that you think most people just don't really 
think about that the customers that they would
have would be eager to share a response to?
G: I don't know if I would consider any of
them off the wall. So the style of research that 
we do is rooted in the jobs to be done framework,
the jobs to be done theory or framework, 
whatever you call it, that's basically
this idea that people buy your product because 
they're buying the better version of themselves.
They're not buying your specific solution, they're 
buying what your product enables them to do,
ultimately that better life. So the research 
that we do is very focused on covering what
is that job to be done. And that's goes back 
to what I mentioned before where I said if you
can do this foundational type of research of 
what is our best customer's job to be done and
get that foundational story and understanding 
about your customers, there's a lot of nuance
in there that we can dig into for sure.
But when I was referencing it earlier,
it's because once you have that foundation, 
there's a lot of directions you can go from
there. You can say, "Okay. Now that I understand 
who our best customers are, I want to dig in
specifically into the people who are out in the 
world experiencing this problem." And then you
can do follow-on research to dig in a little bit 
further, or you might want to dig in further on
expansion strategies. So we understand that this 
is our core, our best customer's job to be done,
let's find out what they need help with next. And 
you could do a type of follow-on research to find
out what your expansion opportunities might be for 
that customer. So I wouldn't say that there's any
surprises in the type of research that 
we do because it is so structured,
but in general what we're looking for is we want 
to documentary of their life, what was going on in
their world that led them to seek out a solution, 
how were they solving their problem before?
Because then we understand maybe direct 
competitors, but more than likely some
alternative solutions that they're using. So we 
know what solution we're asking people to fire
in order to hire our product. So having that 
understanding of what life was like before,
understanding what they did after that. So once 
they made that decision, where did they go? Who
did they talk to? What were their watering 
holes? What were their influences in their
life? And then once they found you, what was it 
about your solution that convinced them that you
were going to be able to solve their problem? 
And then furthermore, we asked questions around
when you signed up, what was that magic 
moment for them that they said, "Yes,
this is going to work for me. I'm going to keep 
going, I'm going to keep investing in this thing."
And then questions about now that you have our 
product or solution in your life, what are you
able to do now that you weren't able to do before?
And so we get, as you can... I'm likely picking up
on this is this documentary of what was going on 
in their world through their lens. We didn't ask
anything about our product, we didn't talk about 
features, we didn't ask any specifics. It's really
open-ended questions to find out why behind the 
things that they were doing so that we can figure
out how to map that to what we do and make it 
really, really obvious to them so we can pick
up what they say is valuable and then we can map 
it to the specific parts of our product or our
solution that delivers that value. And that's how 
we come up with really resonant positioning and
messaging to really be effective when we do go 
out in the market and market to them or the copy
that we use on our website or even the early 
product experience and the product onboarding
or activation experience, what do we use there?
All those answers can come out of what were very
open-ended questions, but once we identify those 
patterns, we can really see our best customers are
coming to us because they are in this situation 
where they're experiencing this very specific
struggle. They're looking for these very specific 
things in a solution and then this is what they're
now able to do that they weren't able to do 
before. And because we've got that picture,
we can really lean into how to create that value 
and communicate that we can create that value.
Why You Should “Forget the Funnel”
B: This is
awesome. What I'm hearing from you and what 
I love about this is that you're taking what
could otherwise be a hypothetical pursuit of 
information, i.e., audience market research on
the front end of top of funnel, trying to find 
people that might fit our product or service.
And you're turning it into those that already 
show up and you're giving them the opportunity
to tell you why they showed up and why in 
those experiences they continue to show up.
G: That's right.
B: Talk to us a little bit
about why this concept that you and Claire are 
pursuing or are promoting is Forget The Funnel.
Why is that such an important thing for people who 
are in SaaS or not in SaaS should be taking on?
G: Yeah. I mean, you're 100% right. You can 
think of it like reverse engineering success,
right? It's like taking that ideal customer and 
then going, "Okay. Tell me what you did." What
was that experience and then look back at what 
good looks like and what good looked like for
them and at scale across all of your customers 
to figure out what is that most appropriate and
truthfully highest converting experience that we 
could possibly create for them. The Forget The
Funnel concept is really... I mean, it's rooted 
in the heart, in its heart in this idea that
marketing doesn't end at acquisition. People who 
think about marketing at ending at acquisition
are really missing out, particularly recurring 
revenue businesses. If you are in a recurring
revenue business and you think about growth 
as acquisition, you are not going to be in
business for very long because recurring revenue 
model is about building long-term relationships
that are valuable to your customers.
And high LTV means for customers as
well in addition to you. So really understanding 
that customer and building a valuable long-term
relationship with them is the name of the game 
for software as a service. More and more even
e-commerce brands and service providers think 
in this way as well, rightfully, right? It's not
just about bringing a new customer in the front 
door. There's tons of stats on how much more an
existing customer is worth to you than bringing 
somebody new through the front door. So I don't
need to talk about that. I'm sure there's lots 
of studies that have been done that prove that.
And I think that thinking about customers as 
being something... Thinking about customers as
something that is in a funnel is it just doesn't 
do the relationship justice at all. I mean,
I don't think I need to convince anybody of that.
There's a relationship there and it's cyclical
and it's meaningful. And it's not 
just about pushing somebody through
these buckets or these predetermined buckets. 
That's also my big issue with pirate metrics and
typical lifecycle metrics that we tend to use 
is that they're very focused on the business.
They're not as much focused on the customer.
So we tend to think about is somebody marketing
qualified or sales qualified, but that has no 
bearing on whether or not we're delivering value
to that individual. So that's another reason why 
I pick on the funnel a lot. And also for SaaS and
for digital products... I mean, it's 2023 and we 
have all the tools in our toolbox now to measure
value beyond just credit card entered. And we know 
how people are using our product and we can come
up with and identify much more meaningful KPIs.
So this relationship that we have with our
customers, what are their leaps of faith or 
milestones in their relationship with us,
and then furthermore, how do we know that 
we're delivering value to them at each
of those milestones. There's lots of ways 
for us to do that, especially in software.
Did they hit this critical threshold of product 
usage? Did they activate in our product? Did they
get value? Were they delivered value in some 
way? The way that we measure activation is one
thing and very important, and I don't take away 
from that, but it's hard to even think about how
do we measure activation without thinking about 
how do we measure what a happy, healthy customer
looks like? How does a happy, healthy customer 
use our product day in and day out, whether or
not they log in or not might be completely 
irrelevant, right? Because you might have
the type of product that is more successful when 
your customers don't log in, then what do you do?
Does weekly active user mean anything there? Daily 
active users means nothing in that scenario. So
we have to identify what a meaningful measure of 
engagement and value our customer's relationship
is with us so that we can do a couple things. 
We can measure our ability to help them move
forward and get more value. But also if they fall 
out, we also have a way to trigger re-engagement
or get in touch with them and make sure that 
we do what's needed to be done to help them
get back into that experience.
I think a lot of companies...
I don't think. I know a lot of companies, the 
software companies that we work with, very,
very few of them are measuring product engagement 
in a meaningful way. They're relying on just these
catchall KPIs like sign up credit card entered 
and daily active or weekly active. And that's
their measure of success when they could be doing 
so much more if they were actually making sure
and being able to measure their ability to help 
customers reach those value moments. So I mean,
that's my funnel rant forever and ever.
Shifting Your North Star Metric
Towards Customer Value
B: Well, I love it because
what you're doing is you're putting a lens on 
the success people have by using the product
or the service that you're selling and you're 
shooting for wins, right? You're not just trying
to get revenue in the door, you're trying to 
get people to be successful in their life,
which hits home for us here at Leadpages.
One of the things that we took on, I don't
remember if it predates our work with you or not, 
but the idea of a north star metric as something
that's we can focus on to know are our customers 
using our product in a way that it's both intended
and that increases value over time.
G: Yes.
B: Will lead to referrals, will lead to 
upgrades, all that kind of stuff that do
hit the revenue goals.
G: Yeah.
B: Can you speak to that idea of north Star 
metric for a moment? Because I think that
might be a new term for many of our listeners.
G: So I find a north star metric at the end of the
day when it is a tool for teams to help multiple 
people responsible for a holistic customer
experience, really be focused on what matters in 
delivering value, like you said. So in your case,
I mean, I can't say this for every company, but 
sometimes north star metrics, and I hope in most
cases that north star metrics are really rooted 
in delivering customer value. That's not always
the case. I don't know what yours is at Leadpages, 
but I'm going to assume that it's associated with
your customers getting value, and that's great, 
but it's a top line singular measure of a success
in a holistic way. I think what is especially 
valuable about customer experience mapping and
identifying leading indicators of success is 
they all roll up to that north-star metric.
They're all in service of that north star metric.
But why I like KPIs at each of the milestones in a
customer experience is because it really helps the 
team compartmentalize and think about and go deep
on delivering really, really great customer 
experiences. So those team members who are
responsible for product onboarding, they can very 
much focus on that specific part of the customer
journey, not disconnected from the rest of it and 
how it relates to the rest of it. But it's still
very much rooted in what are the motivations, 
objections and anxieties that customer may be
experiencing or feeling, what are the success 
gaps? What's happening inside of the product,
but just as importantly, what's happening outside 
of the product. What might they be doing in their
inbox? What solution might they be off-boarding 
from or needing to fire in order to adopt ours?
What other stakeholders might be involved? 
And that customer experience mapping is very,
very helpful for basically aligning everyone 
around this holistic customer experience so
that the individual team members responsible 
for them can build really effective strategies
for influencing that portion of the 
customer experience. And that's true,
I'm only picking on activation right now, but 
the same is true on the customer marketing side.
Those teams who are thinking about, "Okay. Our 
customers have solved their primary customer job,
but now how can we help them?" How can we help 
them be even more successful with our product?
What are the other toys in the toy box? We can 
now show them parts of the product that we were
holding back on a little bit at the beginning 
because it would've been too much for them.
What can we now show them our product can do 
that helps them be even more successful? So it
just helps compartmentalize, but helps the team be 
really, really strategic in a meaningful and also
very measurable way. But again, all at the service 
of that north star KPI or that north star metric.
How Can Your Business Solve 
Their Most Urgent Problem First?
B: Very cool. And this obviously applies primarily 
in your work to SaaS companies as most of the
things that we've been talking about, but 
there are analogous items over in service
industries where you want the repeat buyer, you 
want the repeat customer to come in the door.
So can you speak to that? What comes to mind 
for you if someone's a coach or a consultant
and they do rely on recurring revenue, but from 
the delivery of a service instead, how do you help
them to translate what we've been talking about?
G: Yeah. I mean, I think from that perspective,
and I put that hat on when I think about our 
business, of course I don't tend to put it
on when I think about the client's business, 
but if I try to put that hat on for a second,
really the same is all still true. Something 
that I didn't actually mention earlier that is
important for all types of businesses, but could 
be very advantageous within this specific context
is what is the urgent problem that your clients 
are trying to solve. And think about ways to lower
the barrier to help them solve that very specific 
and urgent problem and then grow from there.
So don't try to sell them on... I mean, this 
is true with software, it's just as true with
software actually, but don't try to out of the 
gate convince a potential client that you're
going to be able to solve all of their problems 
and that you do all of these things and there's
a big menu of services that you offer and you can 
do it all for them and therefore they should just
bring you on because all of this can be solved 
under one roof. You tend to be much better served,
and this is true for every business. You're much 
better served by focusing on what is the urgent
problem. They have a high willing, especially 
high willingness to pay for, especially because
when we're talking about the lift at the 
front end and making a big decision with,
when you're talking about services, generally 
the ask is bigger than in a software situation.
So helping lower the barrier to entry, build 
a relationship with them, solve a very urgent
problem for them very, very quickly, and then 
let the relationship grow from there and think
about what's the next most natural thing that a 
client might need after you've solved that initial
urgent problem for them. And honestly, 
the customer experience mapping absolutely
applies in this case as well because of that.
Getting Feedback from the Right Customers
B: So I'm curious, as you hear the customer 
research the responses to your questions and all
this stuff, sometimes you hear things that lead 
you to not want to do what the customer wants.
How do you know what the customers are telling 
you is not in best interest of your... In
service of your company or your brand?
G: That is such a good question. It's
so interesting. Honestly, I've never run into 
that probably because of the type of research
that we do is so rooted in, what is that? 
Because it's so rooted in customer jobs, in
the jobs-to-be-done framework. Because if you are 
learning from the customers that you want more of,
if genuinely the voices that you're listening to 
are the voices of those customers that you want
to clone, so to speak, they're the customers who, 
I hate this expression and I probably overuse it,
but you'd have to pry your product out of their 
cold dead hands. If those customers are telling
you something on repeat and you're hearing 
it over and over and over again, you should
probably be listening.
B: Mm-hmm.
G: Right? Because if they're telling you 
something that you don't want to hear,
they're probably not your best customers. 
So there's a balancing act a little bit
with research, and I think that one 
of the objections to research often is
the faster horses that the erroneously quoted, 
if we asked customers what they wanted,
they would've asked for faster horses.
First of all, that's not true and that
was not a real quote, but even so there's, just 
because a customer says it doesn't mean you have
to do it. Because if you say just like a customer 
and they haven't been prioritized or they haven't
been segmented into a group of customers you 
actually care to listen to, then don't listen
to them. They don't matter. And if there's people 
who get value out of your product today that don't
fall into that bucket of ideal customer, that's 
fine. If they're getting value from your product,
that's fine. Let them buy your product and pay 
for your product and by brute force get value
out of it in whatever way they want to.
That does not mean you need to solve for
them. That does not mean you need to prioritize 
them. With a lot of companies that we work with,
we have to make a decision on do you want 
to go a sales-led route or do you want to
go a product led route? And it's not a binary, 
it's not that you can only do one or the other,
but you do need to put one foot in front of the 
other and make a decision about which experience
you want to build first. And so what I often 
tell founders and the companies that we work
with is you have a decision to make. You can 
evolve your product in one way and build your
team and develop your product in a way that goes 
one direction or the other. You have the decision.
I remember this was a very real thing for 
Rand when he first launched SparkToro,
he made a very deliberate decision to focus on 
a very certain customer set, and he was very
deliberate in ignoring the another. So I think 
it's a decision that you have to make as long as
you care about that customer and are hell-bent 
on solving a very valuable problem for them,
keep them in your mind's eye, their 
opinion matters. Forget everybody else.
Get Ready for Forget the Funnel (the Book)
B: Awesome. We're coming to the end of our time,
Gia. This has been so fascinating. I do want 
to make sure people know about your upcoming
book that you're currently in pre-sales 
for. Maybe you're listening to this,
it's already been launch, but talk to us 
about the Forget The Funnel book and the
work that you and Claire are doing with that.
G: Yeah. So the book really, the idea behind the
book is we wanted it to be a very digestible 
and practical. So it's a very step-by-step
process that we go through. Everything that I'm 
talking about, there's a process involved in it.
Identify who your best customers are, figuring 
out the problem that they're trying to solve,
operationalize that and measure, find your 
measures of success and then basically take
advantage of the opportunities that you are. Then 
you become aware of all those growth opportunities
because you understand your customer so much 
better and you now have a measure of success
for it. So that process, the customer-led growth 
process and the framework that we've developed and
we use with all the companies that we work with is 
what we cover in the book from beginning to end,
honestly. But what we try to do as much as 
possible is make it very, very practical.
So there's a little bit of theory in there 
because there needs to be a little bit of theory,
but for the most part it is like, no, this is 
what you do first. This is what you do second,
this is what you do. Third, there's a lot of 
follow-on materials as well that we provide
templates, checklists, email templates, 
survey templates, interview questions,
things like that. There's a lot of follow-on 
materials to make it really, really practical.
But we wanted the book to be readable in just 
a couple of hours right out of the gate, so
somebody can get from beginning to end in a very 
short amount of time and really understand that,
"Oh, okay, now I'm ready, now I get it, and I'm 
going to go back and go step by step through the
process." So that's really the idea of the book.
B: I love it. And it sounds to me like it's
essentially a culmination of two decades of 
work for you and however much time for Claire
of being in this space and really paying 
attention to what works, what's not worked,
and the importance that customers can 
provide to you if you're willing to ask.
G: Yup, that's right.
B: Right. That's cool. Now
at the time of this recording, we're not really 
sure what the future of Twitter actually is, but
how can people find you on Twitter and anywhere 
else online that you would like to send people to?
G: Yes. Oh, don't say that. I'm not ready to give 
up on Twitter. I've been on Twitter since like
2008, so I might go down with it.
B: I'm right here with you.
G: I might go down with that ship, I swear. So 
on Twitter, I'm @ggiiaa, even though I could
have gotten my first name at that time, I did not 
take it. And so yes, very findable on Twitter,
LinkedIn too, but much more so on Twitter. But 
forgetthefunnel.com is really the best place
to go. You can learn about our sprints, our 
advisory, and of course the book. And we even
have a pro membership. We didn't talk about that 
a lot, but we do have a community of practitioners
and founders and service providers inside of our 
community that is super fun. And we do office
hours and all kinds of stuff in there. So that's 
another thing that people might want to check out.
What’s in It for Them?
B: Very cool. And my last question is,
as an entrepreneur, I'm sure you run into 
obstacles and things that require a little
re-shift of any kind of mantra or thought 
quote that you'd like to turn back to get
you over whatever that obstacle could be.
G: Oh, the first thing that comes to mind
for me is really when in doubt what is in the best 
interest of your customers? And I feel like I'm a
broken record with this, but genuinely, especially 
when you're thinking about marketing and growth,
we tend to look outwards and we look to the 
experts and we read books, and we listen to
podcasts, and we get all this inspiration. And I'm 
definitely not saying that we shouldn't do that.
We need to continue to do that in an ongoing 
way. But as long as we can bring it back to is
who is our best customer and what is the most 
effective and applicable and highly resonant
experience that we can create for them.
At the end of the day, a lot of answers,
like the answers to all of our questions. They 
live inside the heads of our best customers. We
just got to know to listen and to get it out so 
that we can then take all that inspiration from
out in the world in the marketing space and 
really apply it in a way that's going to be
effective and stop the guesswork. So when in 
doubt, what is in it for your customers? What
is the problem that you're solving for your 
customers? That tends to answer almost any
challenge, especially when it comes to growth.
B: That's awesome. Thank you so much, Gia,
for being here on the Lead Generation today.
G: Awesome. Thanks for having me.
That's a wrap for this
episode of the Lead Generation Podcast from 
Leadpages. Take a moment now to subscribe to
the show so you don't miss a single episode. Then 
head over to leadpages.com/podcast for show notes,
bonus resources, and more ways to elevate 
your business. Thanks for listening!